OSSM-3251: Add cluster-wide deployment to Service Mesh docs (#58539)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-about-smcp.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// * service_mesh/v2x/ossm-create-smcp.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="ossm-about-smcp_{context}"]
= About ServiceMeshControlPlane

The control plane includes Istiod, Ingress and Egress Gateways, and other components, such as Kiali and Jaeger. The control plane must be deployed in a separate namespace than the {SMProductShortName} Operators and the data plane applications and services. You can deploy a basic installation of the `ServiceMeshControlPlane`(SMCP) from the {product-title} web console or the command line using the `oc` client tool.

[NOTE]
====

> This basic installation is configured based on the default OpenShift settings and is not designed for production use. Use this default installation to verify your installation, and then configure your `ServiceMeshControlPlane` for your environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This basic installation is configured based on the default {product-title} settings and is not designed for production use. Use this default installation to verify your installation, and then configure your `ServiceMeshControlPlane` settings[?] for your environment.
```
- Needs a referent

Author: Done

====

[NOTE]
====

> Red Hat OpenShift Service on AWS (ROSA) places additional restrictions on where you can create resources and as a result the default deployment does not work. See xref:../../service_mesh/v2x/ossm-create-smcp.adoc#ossm-install-rosa_ossm-create-smcp[Installing Service Mesh on Red Hat OpenShift Service on AWS] for additional requirements before deploying your SMCP in a ROSA environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Red Hat OpenShift Service on AWS (ROSA) places additional restrictions on where you can create resources, and as a result, the default deployment does not work. See xref:../../service_mesh/v2x/ossm-create-smcp.adoc#ossm-install-rosa_ossm-create-smcp[Installing Service Mesh on Red Hat OpenShift Service on AWS] for additional requirements before deploying your SMCP in a ROSA environment.
```
- Should ROSA be using an attribute?
- Add a comma before the coordinating conjunction
- We can't have xrefs in modules, so I think you need to remove the xref. The links will break on the Customer Portal

Author: When I look in openshift-docs/_attributes I don't see anything for ROSA.

The other changes have been made. Looks like dev  team is reversing decision and trying to release today. This is not a stop ship item, and I'm calling this done.
